Refactor CPP Quickstart to use project template project (#4722)
slint-ui/slint: docs/tutorial/cpp/src/game_logic_in_cpp.md

```

This change adds a way for the <span class="hljs-title">MainWindow</span> to call to the C++ code that it should
check if a player has solved a pair of tiles. The C++ code needs an additional property to toggle to disable further
tile interaction, to prevent the player from opening more tiles than allowed. No cheating allowed!

The last change to the code is to act when the <span class="hljs-title">MemoryTile</span> signals that a player clicked it.

Add the following handler in the <span class="hljs-title">MainWindow</span> `for` loop `clicked` handler:

```slint
{{#include ../../rust/src/main_game_logic_in_rust.rs:tile_click_logic}}
```

On the C++ side, you can now add a handler to the `check_if_pair_solved` callback, that checks if a player opened two tiles.
If they match, the code sets the `solved` property to true in the model. If they don't
match, start a timer that closes the tiles after one second. While the timer is running, disable every tile so
a player can't click anything during this time.

Insert this code before the `main_window->run()` call:

```cpp
{{#include main_game_logic.cpp:game_logic}}
```

> The code uses a [Weak](https://slint.dev/docs/rust/slint/struct.Weak) pointer of the `main_window`. This is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The code uses a [ComponentWeakHandle](https://slint.dev/docs/cpp/api/classslint_1_1ComponentWeakHandle) pointer of the `main_window`. This is
```

Author: @tronical Sorry, a bit copy/paste happy in a few places, I think 😓
